	FDT
By convention, variable names should start with a lowercase letter.
The assignment operator = does not denote mathematical equality.
You cannot change the value of a variable that is defned as final.
Use the Scanner class to read keyboard input in a console window.
String positions are counted starting with 0.
Use the substring method to extract a part of a string.

	Loops
A loop executes instructions repeatedly while a condition is true.
The for loop is used when a value runs from a starting point to an ending point with a constant increment or decrement.
You can use a Boolean variable to control a loop.
To compute an average, keep a total and a count of all values.
If your goal is to fnd a match, exit the loop when the match is found.

	Decisions
The if statement allows a program to carry out different actions depending on the situation.
Use relational operators (< <= > >= == !=) to compare numbers.
Do not use the == operator to compare strings. Use the equals method instead.
Multiple if statements can be combined to evaluate complex decisions.
It is a good idea to design test cases before implementing a program.
To invert a condition, use the ! (not) operator.

	Arrays
An array collects a sequence of values of the same type.
Use the expression array.length to fnd the number of elements in an array.
An array index must be at least zero and less than the size of the array.
You can use the enhanced for loop to visit all elements of an array.
An array list stores a sequence of values whose size can change.
Use the get and set methods to access an array list element
at a given index.

	Methods
A method is a named sequence of instructions.
Arguments are supplied when a method is called.
The return value is the result that the method computes.
Use a return type of void to indicate that a method does not return a value.
A method may require simpler methods to carry out its work.
A recursive computation solves a problem by using the solution of the same
problem with simpler inputs.